[CostManagement]Create a python sample for CostManagement (#93)
Azure-Samples/azure-samples-python-management: samples/costmanagement/README.md

---
page_type: sample
languages:
- python
products:
- azure
description: "These code samples will show you how to manage Consumption using Azure SDK for Python."
urlFragment: costmanagement
---

# Getting started - Managing Consumption using Azure Python SDK

These code samples will show you how to manage costmanagement using Azure SDK for Python.

## Features

This project framework provides examples for the following services:

### costmanagement

> * [] Using the Azure SDK for Python - costmanagement Management Library [azure-mgmt-costmanagement](https://pypi.org/project/azure-mgmt-costmanagement/) for the [costmanagement API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/costmanagement/)

Reviewer: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/costmanagement/ is broken link, please find a valid link

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

1. Before we run the samples, we need to make sure we have setup the credentials. Follow the instructions in [register a new application using Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal) to obtain `subscription id`,`client id`,`client secret`, and `application id`

2. Store your credentials an environment variables.
For example, in Linux-based OS, you can do
```bash
export AZURE_TENANT_ID="xxx"
export AZURE_CLIENT_ID="xxx"
export AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="xxx"
export SUBSCRIPTION_ID="xxx"
```

### Installation

1.  If you don't already have it, [install Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

    This sample (and the SDK) is compatible with Python 3.6+.

2.  General recommendation for Python development is to use a Virtual Environment.
    For more information, see https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html

>     Install and initialize the virtual environment with the "venv" module on Python 3 (you must install [virtualenv](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv) for Python 3.6+):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Install and initialize the virtual environment with the "venv" module on Python 3.6+:
```

    ```

>     python -m venv mytestenv # Might be "python3" or "py -3.6" depending on your Python installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    python -m venv mytestenv # Might be "python3" or "py3.6" depending on your Python installation
```
